Name: Jocelyn Eads
Date: 05-02-20

Project: La Corona
Group's repository: https://github.com/Blaze20014/CoronaGame



What is something you learned by reviewing this group's project?
More about animated sprites in Godot. I've used them in other engines, but definitely could learn
more about their functionality in this engine.
 

In what ways does this game reflect the theme?
Corona means "crown" in Spanish. You are trying to reclaim your place as king, and subsequently the crown.
 

What is something you saw in this group's project that you would like to apply to your own future games?
The fade to the end scene was nice. I'm not great with UI, so I'd love
to keep something like this in mind.
 

What suggestions would you have for this group to improve the game?
When I opened the project, the player immediately fell through the floor and the end screen triggered. I fixed 
the player falling, but every time I hit play, it immediately triggered the end scene. The score text did not function,
either.
I would suggest focusing on technical implementations first, and scoping down to make sure there is ample time for bug fixing. 
While I love the animations, it's paramount for the game to be functioning before assets are really focused on.
 

Was there anything in the GDScript that was confusing to you? If so, what?
Some of the UI.gd things
 

Is it clear that every group member participated?
Yes.
 

Does the repository contain an appropriate LICENSE?
Yes.

What is something the group could add to the README.md to make it more descriptive?
More clear instructions on how to play. It should be assumed not every player knows what a 
platformer is, and exact controls (WASD for example) should be listed. "Avoid corrupt guards" could
be changed to "Avoid corrupt guards by jumping (space key + "A" key or "D" key) over them"
 

Pay a compliment to the group based on the quality of the game.
I really like the animations and pixel art. The fit the theme well.


How many of your points would you allocate to this project?
3

